[Unit]
Description=WARP reservation system pod

[Service]
Restart=always

# Optional: apply nftables firewall rules to the pod's network namespace after
# the pod starts. Install nftables_init.sh to a permanent path first:
#   sudo install -Dm755 containers/quadlet/nftables_init.sh /srv/warp/nftables_init.sh
# Then uncomment the line below and configure ALLOWED_HTTP_SOURCE inside the
# script. %t/%N.pod-id is the pod-id-file Quadlet generates, which lets the
# script find the infra container regardless of how it is named.
# ExecStartPost=/srv/warp/nftables_init.sh %t/%N.pod-id

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target default.target

[Pod]
# Choose how the pod is reached. The two models are mutually exclusive in
# practice — publish whichever ports your topology needs.
#
# A) Reverse proxy on the SAME host (the bundled Caddy / warp-revproxy).
#    Caddy terminates HTTP/HTTPS inside the pod and talks to the app over the
#    shared unix socket, so only these need publishing:
PublishPort=0.0.0.0:80:80
PublishPort=0.0.0.0:443:443
#
# B) Reverse proxy on an EXTERNAL host. Drop warp-revproxy and instead publish
#    one of the app's own endpoints (see Dockerfile EXPOSE). Use 8080 for a
#    plain-HTTP proxy, or 8000 for a proxy that speaks the uWSGI protocol:
#PublishPort=8080:8080
#PublishPort=8000:8000

# Optional: attach to a specific Podman network.
# Network=your-network.network

# Optional: rootless UID/GID mapping for user namespaces.
# Adjust the host UID/GID ranges to match your /etc/subuid and /etc/subgid entries.
UserNS=auto:uidmapping=0:100000:65536,gidmapping=0:100000:65536
